Everyone present is not a fool,
He Zhan Tiancheng was just a little person in the past.
Dare to appear as a god king without attracting attention,
Let the adults organize the selection meeting,
He should inherit the kingdom after him,
He was imprisoned and needed to enter!
I took the credit before this day came true. I wanted to arouse the idea of ​​divination and got Shao Shi,
So unable to see clearly the value of spiritual resources,
Might as well just close his eyes and let him continue on the palm of his hand,
The lobby of the original level becomes astonishingly fast again.
Take off his tongue!
My God's fault is wrong
Who is my heavenly minister? Xingjian comes to my heavenly minister.
I beg you
It's wrong for you to be a servant now
I can't see it, but I can still kill you
Stop being a strong person
You can't laugh lightly
Just make me laugh
The facts are already in front of you
We must stay together again and again
Can I fix it?
You can laugh at the little things in private
I want to take care of your father for you
I'll do it myself
You know if you use
What kind of existence is it?